# “Peeragogy Monthly Wrap” Working Group Meeting Wrap: 2020-05-20

## Patterns

* Create template and repository for patterns
* Pattern template could be used to create cards
* Scenario: at an unconference, you could introduce patterns as a tool (not that it needs to be used)
* Make it easier to apply them, like a pattern practice
* Universal tools that can be used on all kinds of patterns
* PAR itself should be a pattern

Why do you need patterns? Answer: They should be used. Architect patterns should be used in the field. There are textile patterns that are nice to look at.

## Roadmap

* General roadmap tool that could be in its own repository so you could see the current situation and future directions
* Every two months a reminder to see if roadmap is missing?
* Or if a project doesn't have a roadmap?
* If you don't have methodological or tool way to do this, it's down to discpline and harder within unstrucutured peer learning scenario

## PAR

PAR should have naming conventions so you could have more than one in a month and they would be able to track them. PAR templates could flow automatically into wrap. Same with mixtape.
