# “Peeragogy Monthly Wrap” Working Group Meeting Wrap: 2020-05-06

Wish list for how people could support for wrap:
* Share with course: where are problems / pain points?
* Get people’s input into wrap itself earlier in month
* Add multiple perspectives on the answer to the “what’s happening” question (coming to concensus sometimes leads to lack of diversity)

Have a Peeragogical Action Review specific repository?
* Make it easier for people to contribute
* Make it more of a data project, like mix tape, so new entries can flow automatically into the wrap for the month?
* Similar to pattern repository?

Future:
* Procedure guides for how people can write and contribute technically
* Source people who get involved
* People writing wraps at other places from where we source them together

Put it somewhere else? Who do we want to read this? Be aware of these practices?
* Archive.org - a leader of it (Carl Malamud) is also a player in open knowledge scene
* Maybe just send someone who we want to read this an email
* Distribution

Add RSS to wrap (using Hypothes.is).
